[ty] Preserve literal-string origin in comparison narrowing (#27582)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/ty_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/narrow/conditionals/is.md

## `is` with string types

Identity transfers known literal-string origin when the other operand already proves it.

```py
from typing import Literal
from typing_extensions import LiteralString
from ty_extensions import Intersection, Not

def literal_string(value: object, text: LiteralString) -> None:
    if value is text:
        reveal_type(value)  # revealed: LiteralString
```

> A string without known literal origin can have the same runtime value as an excluded string literal.

Reviewer: `==` relates to the value of an object; `is` relates to the memory address of an object

```suggestion
A string without known literal origin can have the same runtime memory address as an excluded string literal.
```

Reviewer: did you see this?

Author: ugh no, sorry, i'll push a follow-up
